This is how to make game assets in 60
seconds with Pixel [music] Lab. First,
the create tab. That's where you
generate, edit, animate, remove
backgrounds, [music] and fix pixel art.
Basically, most of the stuff you need is
right there. Need a character and want
to animate it? Go to characters. Type
what you want, generate it, done. Need
an environment? Go to maps.
>> [music]
>> That's where you make tile sets, build
maps, and even create objects inside the
scene. So, the workflow is simple.
Create for general tools, characters for
characters, and maps for worlds. So,
instead of wasting hours [music] making
placeholder art, you can actually build
your game. Faster assets, faster
workflow, less pain, all on one website.
That's Pixel Lab. Follow for more indie
game dev content.